ADAPTED FROM THE NOVEL OF THE SAME NAME
BY ZHU YI ON WWW.JJWXC.NET
BEIYU HIGH SCHOOL
Do you know how expensive
dance lessons are?
You're not a kid anymore.
It's time to give up
those unrealistic fantasies.
I don't need you
to spend money hiring a teacher.
Can I just practice on my own?
Where will you be practicing?
In your aunt's living room?
Or are you renting a dance studio?
It's expensive, even by the hour.
Your Uncle Zheng's new clinic
has been losing money,
and we're also struggling financially.
Doesn't Zheng Kejia need money
to study art as well?
If she didn't study art,
she couldn't even make it to college.
Does that mean I have to give up dancing?
I got it.
BOWL NOODLES
Why are we looking
at the elementary school?
Come with me.
Where are we going?
Did we come here to climb stairs today?
Are you tired, my junior?
What are we doing here?
Since you can't dance anywhere else,
let's make do with this spot.
What?
Thank you.
If there's anything you're not happy with,
just let me know.
3,098 DAYS
DAY 36 OF OFFICIAL COHABITATION
Who is it?
Shuangjiang. Shuangjiang.
- Come on. Get up.
- Come on. Let's go.
- Get up now.
- Sorry about this.
- What are you doing?
- Listen,
your mom sold you to us.
Stop right there.
Can't sleep?
I just finished showering
and here you are.
Your intention is a bit
too obvious, you know?
You want to see a handsome guy
step out of the shower?
Wen Yifan,
what's the meaning of this?
How much longer will you hold me?
Wen Yifan?
Wen Yifan.
You…
What was that about?
SANG YAN: WHAT'S GOING ON WITH YOU?
Is he upset?
WHAT?
DID YOU TEXT THE WRONG PERSON?
What's with the thumbs-up?
Morning encouragement?
You messaged me on WeChat yesterday.
Anything you wanted to talk about?
What do you mean?
You want to pretend it never happened?
Is it because I didn't stay
to finish setting off fireworks with you?
Sorry if I ruined your mood.
I was just really tired yesterday.
All right.
It isn't a big deal for me,
but I hope you'll give me
a proper explanation if you do
something like this again in the future.
He's so petty.
I will.
What's that supposed to mean?
Is she not taking responsibility?
Morning.
What's wrong? Did you not sleep well?
I've been having restless sleep
and frequent dreams.
I wonder if this happens
to all pregnant women.
That must be tough.
You're going through a lot.
How did you sleep last night?
I slept okay,
but I dreamed all night.
What did you dream about? Tell me.
Let me, a modern-day dream expert,
interpret it for you.
It'll help me feel more awake.
I dreamed
that I suddenly
wandered into a vast forest.
I walked and walked,
searching for an exit,
but I just couldn't.
After some time,
as I kept moving forward,
night fell without warning,
and the cold crept in.
So, I hurried forward.
As I continued walking,
I suddenly remembered
that I had seen the sun
on my way in.
So, I thought
maybe I should go back
and find it to warm up.
After walking for a while,
I really did find the sun.
Didn't night already fall?
How could there still be a sun?
That's why it's a dream.
That's all?
So, in the end…
I found my way out when I saw the sun.
I remember
that when I saw it,
I couldn't help
but hug it.
This dream…
- Is it hard to interpret?
- Not easy.
WHEN YOU ARE OLD
I'LL LEND THIS TO YOU
DON'T JUST READ TEXTBOOKS
READING POETRY HELPS YOU DREAM
WHEN YOU'RE OLD, I'LL STILL CHERISH
THE TIME WE SPENT TOGETHER
By the way,
did you get the book I returned to you?
WHEN YOU'RE OLD, I'LL STILL CHERISH
THE TIME WE SPENT TOGETHER
There's an urgent task
from the higher-ups.
It's about the person from the Central
South Century City case last time.
That individual is getting
a lot of attention on our channel,
so the higher-ups want to strike
while the iron is hot and do a follow-up.
That person and Yifan
went to the same high school,
- so…
- So…
So, have Yifan help you get in touch.
The first draft is due tomorrow.
She's already handled everything alone
during the Spring Festival.
We can't have her working overtime again.
All right, miss?
Here's another task that isn't so urgent.
You can take care of it.
Okay.
Give it to me.
- What?
- Your high school friend's number,
so you won't feel awkward.
Let me ask him for you first.
Sure.
Hello and welcome.
- I'm here to see someone.
- This way, please.
Okay.
- Qiao.
- Xiang Lang.
Why did you pick such a fancy restaurant?
I thought you wanted a quiet place?
You must be hungry.
Take a look.
- Okay.
- See what you'd like to eat.
Any recommendations?
We just added a new set menu for couples.
We are not…
We'll go with the set menu for couples.
All right, please wait a moment.
Xiang Lang.
Do you remember this bracelet?
Isn't this the one I gave you?
You've been wearing it all this time?
I've been wearing it ever since the day
you gave it to me.
Even when it didn't match
my outfits, I still kept it on.
- Qiao, actually…
- I've always wanted to ask you this.
When you gave me this bracelet,
was it just a birthday gift?
I don't quite understand
what you mean.
I just want to know
if you had even
the slightest feelings for me
when you gave me
this bracelet.
Qiao, did I somehow
give you the wrong idea?
I'm sorry.
We've always just been close friends.
Seems like
I was reading too much into it.
But…
is there a chance
you might see me
as someone
you could be with from now on?
Actually, I…
I guess the couple's
set menu is off the table.
Let's order something else. Excuse me.
I'm here.
Have you been waiting for long?
You haven't ordered yet?
I was about to say this earlier.
It's not just the two of us today,
but three.
What's happening?
It feels a little awkward.
No, I misunderstood Xiang Lang.
My bad.
You actually got Qiao to apologize to you?
I'm impressed.
Let's order first.
You two eat.
I have to take care of something.
Qiao.
What exactly is happening here?
It's all my fault.
Let me explain to both of you.
That bracelet
was actually something I wanted you
to pass on to Dian back then.
Qiao.
Xiang Lang.
Sorry for the last-minute meetup.
No worries.
It's not often that you ask me to meet up.
I couldn't change my parents' minds.
They've already booked me
a flight to the U.S. for tomorrow,
so…
I want to…
I thought you and Dian
had forgotten my birthday.
Thank you.
That's right. It's your birthday today.
Happy birthday!
Thank you.
This bracelet is gorgeous.
It must have cost a lot, didn't it?
Not really.
So, you said your parents
booked you a flight.
What's it for? A vacation?
I'm leaving for the U.S. to study.
I should have been upfront with you.
I also
should have confessed my feelings earlier.
This is all on me.
Dian.
I've actually
felt differently about you
since high school.
What are you talking about?
It's me who should apologize.
I've been deluded,
holding onto something
that wasn't mine for all these years.
You two eat. I still have work to do.
- Qiao.
Dian, I…
Ms. Qian…
All right. I'm heading over now.
Dian, where are you going?
I'm going to the TV station.
Get in the car. I'll give you a ride.
We can have a chat on the way.
No need to keep wondering.
She's just not into you.
Tell me.
What kind of flirtatious moves
did she make?
She hugged you?
Since you're both girls,
I'd like you to answer this for me.
This person hugged my friend
and acted like
nothing happened the next day.
What do you think that means?
Shouldn't this kind
of irresponsible behavior
be reported to the police?
It shouldn't be so serious
if it was just a hug, right?
Are you out of your mind?
Why report it to the police?
But really,
it depends on the nature
of your friend's relationship
with this girl.
Maybe the girl was feeling down
and just needed some comfort,
so the hug might not mean much.
It could simply be a hug between friends.
I'm just speculating, though.
I don't know their relationship,
so my opinion might not be very helpful.
Here's the question.
How's your relationship?
How else could the relationship be?
She's my goddess.
I've been pursuing her
for over half a year.
And what are you even talking about?
Didn't I explain everything already?
She gave me a box of chocolates
on Valentine's Day,
not a hug.
The real issue is
that after giving me the chocolates,
she never contacted me again.
She's someone
who is madly in love with him.
Your friend must have quite the charisma.
Did this girl confess to him?
Why do you ask?
It just doesn't make sense logically.
If this girl really likes your friend,
then the meaning of the hug
should be pretty clear.
But your friend probably doesn't need
to bring this up with you.
So, are you implying
that love has clouded his judgment?
From what I just heard
you say to your friend,
it seems like this girl
hasn't clearly expressed
her feelings.
So, is it possible
that your friend misunderstood?
Misunderstood? What did he misunderstand?
Simply put,
it's just him
imagining things.
Did you hear that?
It's just you imagining things.
- Now, leave me alone.
- Wait, Sang Yan. What's wrong with--?
Are you done yet?
What's your problem?
It's you.
I thought it was Chen Junwen.
What's the matter?
Su Haoan mentioned in the group chat
that you went to Yihe recently.
Were you there for me?
What group chat? How come I didn't see it?
You're not in this group chat.
Seriously?
Is this necessary?
Stop changing the subject.
Be honest with me.
Have you been to Yihe more than once?
What were you doing there?
You've never loved me, have you?
You've been toying with me, haven't you?
Say something!
Why?
Why do you always dress like…?
Sir, I've already bought
everything you need
for your stay in the hospital.
If there's anything else you need,
just let me know.
- Thank you.
- The nurse will take you upstairs.
Take care.
Let's go, sir.
Bye.
NANWU WEST DISTRICT HOSPITAL
I really don't blame you for this.
I can't blame anyone for things like this.
I probably just need some time.
I don't think you truly understand me.
I tend to avoid things,
and I'm not very outgoing.
To protect myself,
I could leave everything behind
without hesitation.
The person you imagine me to be
is probably not the same
as the one I'm describing.
You really deserve someone better.
I've made things clear with Xiang Lang.
I don't want any misunderstandings
between the three of us.
Is it because of me that you…?
If I really got together with Xiang Lang,
would you cut ties with me?
Of course not. It's a different time now.
Who would ditch
their best friend for a man?
Actually, the main reason
I rejected Xiang Lang
is that I don't have
any romantic feelings for him.
Just like how he feels about me.
But Xiang Lang
is still a very good friend
to us, isn't he?
I don't want to grow up at all.
Growing up just makes
everything so complicated.
Wouldn't it be better
to be as simple as before?
It's love that makes things complicated.
It's inherently an emotion
of extreme love and hate.
Let's sweep away all the negativity.
Knock them all down
with one throw. Come on.
You just can't let go, can you?
Watch me instead.
The one in front of you right now
is from our Lily of the Valley collection.
"Happiness Returns
as the Lily of the Valley Blooms",
which also symbolizes a life
filled with happiness and fulfillment.
This one looks great.
The other one was too expensive,
and it was inconvenient
to wear while working.
This one suits me better.
It looks great indeed.
It's a brilliant choice.
We should both be kinder to ourselves.
So, are we officially best friends now?
No more annoying guys getting in the way.
Sure.
From now on, there will be no men,
only best friends.
Thanks.
Here.
It's a good day to get a bit tipsy.
This new lychee flavor
is perfect for reminiscing
about summer romances.
Try it.
There's something I've been
curious about for a while,
but I never asked you.
Have you never had
any feelings for Sang Yan before?
Why are you suddenly asking this?
Because he's handsome,
and he's really quite charming.
Even though I barely
talked to him in high school,
I knew that he seemed to really like you
and treated you well.
If you don't say anything,
I'll just assume
you did have feelings for him.
Okay.
So, I can take this as you admit it?
For real?
What's with this reaction?
So, you really had feelings
for Sang Yan back then?
What about now?
Do you still feel the same?
That was long in the past.
But you are roommates now,
spending so much time around each other.
Besides, you both had feelings
for each other before.
What if those feelings resurface?
That won't happen. He's moving out soon.
So, you're implying
that if he stayed longer,
you might have given in to your feelings.
But why didn't you two
get together before?
Oh, I get it now.
It was because you transferred schools
and moved away,
so you lost contact.
- No.
- Why then?
I don't know if others
would behave the way I do. But…
But my college roommate once told me
that she thought
I was emotionally distant.
We were close,
but once we graduated,
it felt like we lost touch.
I hardly ever reached out to them,
and they were pretty upset about it.
I admit that.
Take Xiang Lang, for example.
After he went abroad,
we barely kept in touch.
I think
it's a natural thing
for people to drift apart
over time.
And back then, I just thought
someone like Sang Yan
deserved
to be loved passionately.
THE STORY IS NOT OVER YET…
Why does she look so unhappy?
TO WEN YIFAN
SANG YAN: WHAT'S GOING ON WITH YOU?
Can't sleep?
You want to see a handsome guy
step out of the shower?
HUGE THANKS TO EVERYONE INVOLVED
AND TO ALL THE FANS OF THE FIRST FROST!
TREAT YOURSELF WELL
AND THE WORLD WILL HOLD MORE LOVE FOR YOU!